string similarity 
longest common subsequence

Color code based on age for the full product lists

restrict query to just one website

have a tickbox page wher ethey can select items and just enter their address in to get an alert for that product

image link on main page display

Have the rollover tooltip appear on teh main page.
Modify the MySQL query so that you truly display the last 25 deals from each website. You need ot add offset 1 to the code.

Show a fuzzy amount (1 week ago, 1 month ago, 2 days ago, yesterday, today)  of time since last seen item on listProducts.php as well as number of times seen. Maybe do analysis of trend of quantity to come up with likelihood of it reappearing score.

Prevent injection attacks - mysql_real_escape_string
Add multiple queries at one time, allowe entries separated by space & tokenize

find products taht have been offered on two different websites

Query on price
More advanced query engine , substring matching?
Query on Men's, WOmen's, restrict to certain websites 

Possible case sensitivity problems for people - ignore case
Hide DB password on server
DONE??? check that entry/item hasn't been entered into the db all ready
Allow selection of item from drop down menu of past products for specific match alert
Prevent entry of non-numeric data for numeric fields --> try to save the page so we can figure out why the error occurred

prevent insertion of blank query
post past products list & # of occurrences & last occurrence
Image database -> check if all entries actually have an image!

save queries & MySQL commandds to separate .sql files
simple CLI tools to add delete.query the database

php generated webpage of all the diferent product images alphabetized
php generated webpage of product images that match query
php backslash conversion for proper display
php display products prices
php query constructor : product price, quantity, % off MSRP, website, deal duration, date, product keyword, men's womens', pricelt/gt price bracketed, exclude keyword, exclude include certain website, only show results from x days/weeks/months/ago
querey db of alerts and make suggestions when new items come up that may be of interest.
method of haivng a link for theses suggested items that can then have that person be enrolled to be alerted for that item

create simpler displayProdDescriPImages so it doesn't kill the comp w all the data etc
SPlit up into 24/48/72 records or something
 
create a script to go through the database and pluck out the duplicates due to stopping and restarting the script.
Simply go thorugh record by record and see if the following record is the same product and within the dealduration time. if so then delete if not then go on to the next one.
Create a script to convert from the old style db to the new one we want to use. could possibly do it via pho...nah just do it in bash. cycle through the records and call an insert statement.

Modify(rstrict??) alerts by preventing past matches from being sent to you.
->enter in email address. query database of all matches for that email address. Run those matches against the product database returning anything that would've been mathced and an email sent to the user. allow user to checkbox select which of those items they wouldn't want to see sent to them again. 

show how often new items pop up
--ie have a graph with red dots of repeat items and blue dots showing new items


sipmle precanned queries
-display product that appears the most- select (
-sqlite3 test.db "select product,count(product) from Backcountrydeals group by product"
-select avg(number_of_times_seen) from ProductImages;
- select * from ProductImages where number_of_times_seen >10;
-select max(number_of_times_seen) from ProductImages;
-select * from ProductImages where filename like "Shimano%" order by image_id desc limit 4 offset 4;
-select * from ProductImages where number_of_times_seen=X limit 4 ;
select * from ProductImages where number_of_times_seen > X order by number_of_times_seen desc limit Y ;
-
How inefficient is it to create a  long query statement and fill in as much as possible with input froma  user and then fill in the rest as wildcards to make a catchall style query ? teh dbase is small enough right now that I doubt anyone would be able to tell the diffference yet with more data and more  users I can see it takeing a hit.
sqlite3 test.db "select avg(price) from Backcountrydeals"
sqlite3 test.db "select avg(percentoffMSRP) from Backcountrydeals"
select avg(image_id) from ProductImages where number_of_times_seen>(select avg(number_of_times_seen) from ProductImages);
sqlite3 test.db "select min(percentoffMSRP),max(percentoffMSRP) from Backcountrydeals"
sqlite3 test.db "select distinct(percentoffMSRP) from Backcountrydeals order by  percentoffMSRP desc"
--> have a query perform all this and return these statistics. This is better than doing each small one piecemeal

In future filter out old results that haven't been seen in quite some time that mya no longer be offered

Display link to rudimentary google search of product review of featured item. possibly parse the reviews and ..ahh that would only work for currently displayed items. would have to steal the reviews from other places

Query of how often new/never before seen products ocme up.
REDO in Python so can be done solely on Djinius

set up remote access of home computers

link to webpage in email so can easily go to the webpage quickly to purchase the itme.
Or launch a ODAT app on their phone.
have link to a custom made page for that product that is statically viewable. ie need some way to produce page just for that product on fly yet that can be sent as a request
x

Clean up script for dtabases

display time as local and not utc on webpage. translate from UTC to local time zone time
Create log file output for debug purposes
send test message page to ensure address entered correctly - enter address to database & delete record after test message sent " this is from the deal tracker at djinnius" --how to accomplish this since we run Perl locally!
have backups scheduled for the database and website

use last_insert_id() to retrieve an autoincrememtn value after inserting a row (php)

Show what other peopleare searching for.
WRite a disclaimer
Link to deals page so can manage their alerts
Possibly am off somehow on the times of reneewal? they seem to come in clumps instead of being independnt of each other whch the posted times seem to suggest from the script output
display product likelihood of reappearance-text size based on # of times seen & quantity. trend quantity as a graph to see if pople are buying any. graph price too and see if it trends in any direction. 
mark as hot if seee the numbers go down quickly. (wish we could see how many are left when the deal expires)
aJAX style interface for output of products info 1 at a time or by brands.
make listproducts.php have links to images.

select product from pulldown list and then have a statistics page of that item appear showing all kinds of goodies (all the relevant info) about that product. possibly have icons for each thing. red/yellow/green for hwo expensive it is compared to other sites vs just that site (am talking about the ODAT sites) pie chart showing percent off MSRP. timeline of price & quantity --possibly done with google graphs
show all the gnuplot graphs on this page

Time graph of when a product is offered

list of most often offered items. calculation of average time between offerings

Add git path to classpath so that can execute from anywher

Seems that the crappy net connection is causing the problem involving the poor updating of the items for sale.


NOTE:
Meta refresh not fullproff


DONE:
MySQL full migration
DB of key, price, quantity,mspr%,dicount,etc...make it a table with matching key to the table that holds the product description 
listProduct -> links to images (doesn't IE actually show the image if you hover over a link to an image?)
